Describe how to add UKI splash screen (#287)
kairos-io/kairos-docs: content/en/docs/Installation/trustedboot.md

title My Awesome OS
```

> You can use a custom boot splash screen `--splash` flag to enki.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a custom boot splash screen by specifying the  `--splash` flag when calling enki.
```
